
Why do we use version control?

- Version control is what software engineers and developers
use to track changes in their code, test out new code, and sometimes
revert code back to previous versions. Version control also allows
for team collaboration, allowing users to commit and review small and
large parts of a code base.

Under what circumstances would you need version control features and why?

You want version control when you are working on a project that
you either want to keep working on or when you're working on a project
with a team. You can think of you 2 months from now as a 'team member'
as well. Any time that a code base requires continued

What are the navigator, editor, and inspectors areas in Xcode?

The navigator is the far left window. The editor is the middle window.
The inspector area is the far right window.

What are their roles and how do you use them?

The navigator is for navigating the file system. It is also useful in debugging
as it will show some error (it is not the debugger however). It also allows you
to search and very object hierarchy.

The editor is where you edit your code and create user interfaces with interface
builder. The editor also has an assistant editor that is useful when making
changes to multiple files at the same time or when working with the interface
builder.

The inspector area gives details about the objects and files that you have
selected in the navigation and editor window. The inspector shows and allows
you to edit properties of those objects/classes/methods and more.

How do you center a view in Interface Builder? How do you stretch one?

To center a view in interface builder you can use the thai-fighter button
to make sure that the view is centered, either vertically or horizontally,
on the screen. You stretch it by either clicking on the bar chart or using
the Thai-fighter to stretch the view to the edge.

What is SpriteKit and why do people use it?

SpriteKit is a class that has set of properties and methods that
are useful in making 2D animated objects for games and other sorts of
fun visuals. People use it because it's tools help you develop app, games, and
sprites faster than if you had to build them from scratch.
